= NEWS

== Ruby-SDL-FFI 0.4

* Fixed the display window not gaining focus on Mac OS X 10.6.
  Thanks to Bart Leusink for fixing this.

* Added SDL::SaveBMP and SDL::LoadBMP methods. These were convenience
  macros defined in the SDL headers. They have been reimplemented as
  Ruby methods by Bart Leusink.



== Ruby-SDL-FFI 0.3

* Ruby-SDL-FFI can now work on Mac OS X without the need for a special
  interpreter (i.e. rsdl). If this causes issues for you, you can
  disable it by setting the RUBYSDLFFI_NOCOCOA environment variable to
  "true".

* Added the SDL::set_app_name() method. This sets the application name
  in a platform-appropriate way, or does nothing if the platform is
  not supported. On Mac OS X, it changes the text in the menu bar.
  Support for other platforms may be added in the future.

* Ruby-SDL-FFI now reads the RUBYSDLFFI_PATH environment variable for
  additional library load paths. It should be a colon-separated
  (Linux/Mac) or semicolon-separated (Windows) list of directories to
  search for libraries.

* The SDL::Palette class is now Enumerable. You can iterate over it
  with #each, #collect, etc. You can also read a specific index using
  #at (but not #[], which is reserved for struct access).

* SDL.GL_GetAttribute() now returns an integer, like it should.
  Before, it would return an FFI::Buffer.

* SDL.GetKeyRepeat() is now easier to use. It returns an Array of two
  integers: [delay, interval]. Before, you had to pass two output
  buffers, then extract the integers afterwards.

* Fixed a NoMethodError in SDL.WaitEvent().

* Ruby-SDL-FFI now uses FFI::Buffer instead of FFI::MemoryPointer in
  many places. This should give a slight performance boost on JRuby,
  and potentially other platforms.



== Ruby-SDL-FFI 0.2

* The values of SDL::AUDIO_U16SYS and SDL::AUDIO_S16SYS are now
  correct on both big-endian and little-endian systems.

* SDL::Gfx::arcRGBA is now considered optional (as it should have been
  in version 0.1). Loading will continue even if it is not available,
  such as when using older versions of SDL_gfx.

* The minimum supported version of SDL_gfx is now 2.0.13. It was
  2.0.17 before.

* SDL::Gfx::rotozoomSurfaceXY and SDL::Gfx::rotozoomSurfaceSizeXY are
  no longer considered optional, because they are available in all
  supported versions of SDL_gfx (2.0.13 and higher).



== Ruby-SDL-FFI 0.1

* Initial release of Ruby-SDL-FFI. Bindings are provided for these
  libraries (older versions may work, but haven't been tested):

  * SDL       >= 1.2.13
  * SDL_gfx   >= 2.0.17
  * SDL_image >= 1.2.7
  * SDL_mixer >= 1.2.8
  * SDL_ttf   >= 2.0.9
