
= Ruby-SDL-FFI

Version::    0.1
Date::       2009-10-??

Homepage::   http://github.com/jacius/ffi-sdl/
Author::     John Croisant <jacius@gmail.com>
Copyright::  2009  John Croisant


== Description

Ruby-SDL-FFI is a low-level binding to SDL [1] and related
libraries using Ruby-FFI [2]. It provides very basic access
to SDL from Ruby [3] without the need for a compiled C
wrapper. It aims to be platform and Ruby implementation
independent.

Ruby-SDL-FFI does not attempt to provide any high-level
functionality, only to mirror the standard SDL interface.
For higher-level functionality, you should use other
libraries (Rubygame [4], Gosu [5], etc.).

1. SDL: http://www.libsdl.org/
2. Ruby-FFI: http://kenai.com/projects/ruby-ffi/
3. Ruby: http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/
4. Rubygame: http://rubygame.org/
5. Gosu: http://www.libgosu.org/


== Caveats

Ruby-SDL-FFI is still in VERY EARLY DEVELOPMENT STAGES. That means:

* It may not work correctly (or at all).
* It may not be complete.
* It may change drastically with no advanced notice.

As such, this library is currently FOR THE ADVENTUROUS ONLY.
If you are not willing to continuously update your code to
match the new API, then you should wait until Ruby-SDL-FFI is
more mature and stable (i.e. version 1.0+).


== Requirements

* SDL       >= 1.2.13
* Ruby-FFI  >= 0.4.0 (or compatible FFI implementation)
* Nice-FFI  >= 0.2.0

Optional:

* SDL_image >= 1.2.7
* SDL_gfx   >= 2.0.17
* SDL_mixer >= 1.2.8
* SDL_ttf   >= 2.0.9

Ruby-SDL-FFI may work with older versions, but hasn't been tried on them.

So far, Ruby-SDL-FFI has only been tested on 32-bit Linux with
the standard Ruby implementation (aka MRI) version 1.8.6.
However, with a few tweaks it should work on any system with
compatible FFI functionality.


== License

Ruby-SDL-FFI is licensed under the following terms (the "MIT License"):

Copyright (c) 2009 John Croisant

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
